.TH "SecPlus::Helper" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::Helper \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhtml_doctype\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhtml_footer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBprint_html_footer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBprint_html_doctype\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhtml_header\fP ($charset= 'utf-8')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBprint_html_header\fP ($charset= 'utf-8')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhttp_redirect\fP ($url)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhtml_redirect\fP ($url, $time)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBalert\fP ($msg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBthrowPermissionDeniedInclude\fP ($filename)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Helpers to aid in develop. 
.PP
Definition at line 752 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static alert ($msg)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 788 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static html_doctype ()\fC [static]\fP"Returns a default doctype and html tag header. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 757 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static html_footer ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 761 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static html_header ($charset = \fC'utf-8'\fP)\fC [static]\fP"Return the dwfault html head tag and meta content-type and charset adjusted. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 778 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static html_redirect ($url, $time)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 787 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static http_redirect ($url)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 786 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static print_html_doctype ()\fC [static]\fP"Print the default html and dcotype header to screen. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 771 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static print_html_footer ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 765 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static print_html_header ($charset = \fC'utf-8'\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 785 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static throwPermissionDeniedInclude ($filename)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 789 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
