.TH "SecPlus::Shell" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::Shell \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($config_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcheckConfig\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenerateConfig\fP ($config_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBloopExecute\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecute\fP ($command)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbanner\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBreadInput\fP ($with_prompt=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBwrite\fP ($str)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBprompt\fP = 'SEC+> '"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config_file\fP = 'config.php'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 1152 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($config_file)"
.PP
Definition at line 1157 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "banner ()"
.PP
Definition at line 1260 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "checkConfig ()"
.PP
Definition at line 1163 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "execute ($command)"
.PP
Definition at line 1216 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "generateConfig ($config_file)"
.PP
Definition at line 1188 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "loopExecute ()"
.PP
Definition at line 1192 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static readInput ($with_prompt = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1203 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "static write ($str)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1266 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$config\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1154 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$config_file = 'config.php'\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1155 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "const \fBprompt\fP = 'SEC+> '"
.PP
Definition at line 1153 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
