.TH "SecPlus::ShellCmd" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::ShellCmd \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBIShellCommand\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBCreateCommand\fP, \fBExitCommand\fP, and \fBHelpCommand\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetConfig\fP ($c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetConfigFile\fP ($c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprint_status\fP ($text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprint_success\fP ($text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprint_error\fP ($text)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config_file\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$project_dir\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 853 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "print_error ($text)"
.PP
Definition at line 879 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "print_status ($text)"
.PP
Definition at line 870 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "print_success ($text)"
.PP
Definition at line 874 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "setConfig ($c)"
.PP
Definition at line 858 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "setConfigFile ($c)"
.PP
Definition at line 862 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$config\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 854 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$config_file\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 855 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$project_dir\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 856 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
