.TH "SecPlus::CreateCommand" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::CreateCommand \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBShellCmd\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($config, $project_dir)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhelp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBproject\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpage\fP ($name, $template=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcreateDir\fP ($dirname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdirectories\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcontroller\fP ($cname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBview\fP ($name, $tpl_file=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBindex\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdao\fP ($name, $tableName='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalueobject\fP ($vo_name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvo\fP ($vo_name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBconfigfile\fP ($config_file= 'config.php')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$abstractModelClass\fP = 'SecPlus\\\fBAbstractModel\fP'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 904 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($config, $project_dir)"
.PP
Definition at line 907 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static configfile ($config_file = \fC'config.php'\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1113 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "controller ($cname)"
.PP
Definition at line 969 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "createDir ($dirname)"
.PP
Definition at line 945 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "dao ($name, $tableName = \fC''\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 1054 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "directories ()"
.PP
Definition at line 960 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "help ()"
.PP
Implements \fBIShellCommand\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 912 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "index ()"
.PP
Definition at line 1032 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "page ($name, $template = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 940 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "project ()"
.PP
Definition at line 933 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "valueobject ($vo_name)"
.PP
Definition at line 1093 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "view ($name, $tpl_file = \fCNULL\fP)"Create new View file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP String 
.br
\fI$tpl_file\fP String pathname 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1004 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "vo ($vo_name)"
.PP
Definition at line 1134 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$abstractModelClass = 'SecPlus\\\fBAbstractModel\fP'\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 905 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
