.TH "SecPlus::AbstractController" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::AbstractController \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBIController\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBAbstractAuthController\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_setupController\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhandleAction\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrender\fP ($view, $arr_vars=array())"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_controller\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_action\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$vars_export\fP = array()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$safe_actions\fP = array()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Every Controller need extend this abstract class 
.PP
Definition at line 304 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "_setupController ()"
.PP
Definition at line 318 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "handleAction ()"
.PP
Definition at line 338 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "render ($view, $arr_vars = \fCarray()\fP)"Renderize the view
.PP
$view is the name of the view to render. $arr_vars is an array of variables to export to be visible in the view file context. 
.PP
Definition at line 353 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$_action\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 312 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$_controller\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 310 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$config\fC [protected]\fP"Singleton instance of the \fBConfig\fP class. 
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$safe_actions = array()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 316 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$vars_export = array()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 314 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
