.TH "SecPlus::AbstractModel" 3 "Sat Jul 21 2012" "Version 1.0" "SecPlus-PHP Web Framework" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SecPlus::AbstractModel \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBIModel\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_connect\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetTableName\fP ($tname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetTableName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetValueObjectName\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_setupDAO\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBget\fP ($id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetAll\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupdate\fP ($obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsave\fP ($obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmap2object\fP ($user, $res)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmap2array\fP ($res)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fB$conn\fP = null"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$config\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_table_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_id_name\fP = 'id'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_vo_name\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Every Model need extend this abstract class 
.PP
Definition at line 370 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ()"
.PP
Definition at line 380 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "_connect ()"
.PP
Definition at line 385 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "_setupDAO ()"
.PP
Definition at line 401 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "get ($id)"
.PP
Definition at line 406 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "getAll ()"
.PP
Definition at line 440 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "getTableName ()"
.PP
Definition at line 393 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "map2array ($res)"
.PP
Definition at line 541 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "map2object ($user, $res)"
.PP
Definition at line 530 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "save ($obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 500 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "setTableName ($tname)"
.PP
Definition at line 389 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "setValueObjectName ($name)"
.PP
Definition at line 397 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "update ($obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 469 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$_id_name = 'id'\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 377 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$_table_name\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 376 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$_vo_name\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 378 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$config\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 375 of file secplus.lib.php.
.SS "$conn = null\fC [static]\fP"Singleton instance of the database connection 
.PP
Definition at line 374 of file secplus.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SecPlus-PHP Web Framework from the source code.
